Requirements
-------------
1) An introduction with a statement of the problem you are addressing and a summary of your conclusions
2) Discussion of your exploration of the dataset supported by charts and summary statistics.
Examine several aspects of the dataset. Explain which aspects are important and why?
3) An explanation of your choice of models and discuss the model results using text, charts and tables.
Models should be within the scope of the course. You may use any of R, Python and Azure Machine Learning for you analysis.

Question
--------
Data Scientist, sexiest job of the 21st century, says Harvard Business Review. Python and R are the primary programming languages used by
academia. Most wanna be data scientists spend hours trying to hone their skills in R and Python. But is there more to it. Are there any other
technical skill that is being sought by various employers?
  Dice.com makes available an API, using which 'data scientist' key words were used to search the job portal, it returned about 30K jobs.
The site was scrapped using Python and the data analyzed. 

Can jobs out there be clustered? Is there an inherent pattern to these jobs?

Finally, 30K jobs out there. Can one come up with a simple approach to find most relevant job given the skills one has.


1. Split the location column into two separate columns - city and state.
2. Travel requirement of the job ranged from no telecommuting to 100% WFH. This was grouped into
'Office', 'WFH', 'Office with 100% travel','Office with some travel', '', 'WFH with some travel',
       'WFH with 100% travel'
3. Jobs were also grouped into Full time and contract.
4. Each job had skills comma separated, this was converted to multiple rows, with one skill per row for a job
The dataset was further cleaned to remove skills which were more than two words to handle bad data.
Due to large number of skills about 22K unique skills, only skills that show up on at least 50 job listings was retained.
This reduced the number of skills to ~400
5. Skills were pivoted from rows to columns, this will ensure one row per job listing.
6. clustered jobs on skills only, used the elbow method to find the optimum number of clusters in the data. It was determined to be
10 clusters.
Bibliography - https://www.packtpub.com/books/content/clustering-k-means
11. 1 major cluster rest are all grouped to 1000 jobs.
12. visualization - http://www.apnorton.com/blog/2016/12/19/Visualizing-Multidimensional-Data-in-Python/
